Functional Requirement User Stories
1. (M) As a registered user, I want to see my patients’ information so that I can provide proper care to them.
2. (L) As a patient, I would like my medical information to be kept confidential and only allow medical staff to access.
Completed 3. (S) As any user, I should see a user interface UI so that I can navigate the software.
4. (L) As a developer, I want to have a working MySQL database that holds and maintains all data so that I can develope our software.
5. (L) As a developer, I want to have an automatic backup of information so that no data is lost in result of failure of software.
6. (S) As a physician, I should be able to see the patient's medical history so that I can determine the best treatment for him or her.
7. (S) As a physician, I need to be able to access the treatment plan so that I can make changes as necessary and share the information with the other personal caring for the patient.  
8. (S) As a Patient or Physician, I should be able to access and maintain patient information so that it is up to date.
9. (S) As a Patient or Physician, I should be able to access and change patient medication information so that updates and changes can be made.
10. (M) As a patient, I need to be able to contact my physician/psychiatrist through MentCare so that I can take advantage of this resource.

Nonfunctional Requirement User Stories
1. (L) As a patient, I want my information to be secure so that I do not have to worry about unauthorized use of my information.
2. (S) As a patient or physician, I need to be able to easily use and navigate throughout the software so that it is the most effective for my needs.
3. (M) As a patient or physician, I need to be able to rely on the software so that I can give/ recieve help effectively and in a timely manner.
4. (M) As a patient, I need to be able to have control over who has access to my medical information so that sensitive information remains private.


Very good!
